no suffers from cystic vibrosis her
condition has deteriorated because of
Israel's restrictions on life-saving
Medical Aid getting into
Gaza an international team of doctors
led by the World Health Organization is
on the way to Kamal adwan Hospital in
Northern Gaza from where they intend to
evacuate no they've traveled here from
the southern city of Rafa it's a complex
and Dangerous Mission but no's life
depends on its
success I've been waiting for this news
for a long time I'm hoping she'll
recover after treatment abroad the signs
of nor sickness are hard to miss okay
okay cystic fibrosis is a genetic
disorder that mostly affects the lungs
those with the illness need a specific
nutritional diet along with constant
medical treatment none of which is
available in Northern Gaza no's been
suffering dire complications for months
including severe
dehydration after a difficult Journey
South no arrives at the UN field
Hospital in Rafa it was a pretty heavy
Mission but we are really happy that it
was successful we already could evacuate
two patients last Saturday and we hope
that we can proceed like this because
there are many many many more people
that urgently need better medical care
doctors confirm no is critically ill
they'll transfer her to a hospital
abroad in the coming
days she has weak blood and has chest
infections as a result of the nature of
the disease she has but God willing she
will receive full care and the necessary
medications doctors are confident that
with the Right medical treatment nor can
recover but there are many more
Palestinians suffering from chronic
illnesses who are waiting to be
evacuated and time is not on their side
Victoria gonb Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer